README.md, before:

[![pre-commit](https://img.shields.io/badge/pre--commit-enabled-brightgreen?logo=pre-commit&logoColor=white)](https://github.com/pre-commit/pre-commit)
[![Ruff](https://img.shields.io/endpoint?url=https://raw.githubusercontent.com/astral-sh/ruff/main/assets/badge/v2.json)](https://github.com/astral-sh/ruff)
[![uv](https://img.shields.io/endpoint?url=https://raw.githubusercontent.com/astral-sh/uv/main/assets/badge/v0.json)](https://github.com/astral-sh/uv)
[![Checked with pyright](https://microsoft.github.io/pyright/img/pyright_badge.svg)](https://microsoft.github.io/pyright/)
[![Actions status](https://www.github.com/ejfine/aws-central-infrastructure/actions/workflows/ci.yaml/badge.svg?branch=main)](https://www.github.com/ejfine/aws-central-infrastructure/actions)
[![Open in Dev Containers](https://img.shields.io/static/v1?label=Dev%20Containers&message=Open&color=blue)](https://vscode.dev/redirect?url=vscode://ms-vscode-remote.remote-containers/cloneInVolume?url=https://www.github.com/ejfine/aws-central-infrastructure)


# Usage
To create a new repository using this template:
1. Install `copier` and `copier-templates-extensions`. An easy way to do that is to copy the `.devcontainer/install-ci-tooling.sh` script in this repository into your new repo and then run it.
2. Run copier to instantiate the template: `copier copy --trust gh:LabAutomationAndScreening/copier-aws-central-infrastructure.git`
3. Run `uv lock` to generate the lock file
4. Commit the changes
5. Rebuild your new devcontainer





# Development

## Using Pulumi
Run a Pulumi Preview for the IaC Management project: `uv run python -m aws_central_infrastructure.deploy_iac_management --stack=prod`
Run a Pulumi Preview for the Artifact Stores project: `uv run python -m aws_central_infrastructure.deploy_artifact_stores --stack=prod`
Run a Pulumi Preview for the Identity Center project: `uv run python -m aws_central_infrastructure.deploy_identity_center --stack=prod`


## Updating from the template
This repository uses a copier template. To pull in the latest updates from the template, use the command:
`copier update --trust --conflict rej --defaults`

Commit message:

Copier update (pylint) (#23)
Pull in latest changes

README.md, after:

[![pre-commit](https://img.shields.io/badge/pre--commit-enabled-brightgreen?logo=pre-commit&logoColor=white)](https://github.com/pre-commit/pre-commit)
[![Ruff](https://img.shields.io/endpoint?url=https://raw.githubusercontent.com/astral-sh/ruff/main/assets/badge/v2.json)](https://github.com/astral-sh/ruff)
[![uv](https://img.shields.io/endpoint?url=https://raw.githubusercontent.com/astral-sh/uv/main/assets/badge/v0.json)](https://github.com/astral-sh/uv)
[![Checked with pyright](https://microsoft.github.io/pyright/img/pyright_badge.svg)](https://microsoft.github.io/pyright/)
[![Actions status](https://www.github.com/ejfine/aws-central-infrastructure/actions/workflows/ci.yaml/badge.svg?branch=main)](https://www.github.com/ejfine/aws-central-infrastructure/actions)
[![Open in Dev Containers](https://img.shields.io/static/v1?label=Dev%20Containers&message=Open&color=blue)](https://vscode.dev/redirect?url=vscode://ms-vscode-remote.remote-containers/cloneInVolume?url=https://www.github.com/ejfine/aws-central-infrastructure)


# Usage

## Allowing a git repository to publish a packgae to AWS CodeArtifact
The file `src/aws_central_infrastructure/artifact_stores/internal_packages.py` contains a list of repositories that are allowed to publish packages to the AWS CodeArtifact registry. To enable a new repository to do so, add a new entry to the `repo_package_claims` list. This ensures that only one git repo has permission to publish that package, and there's no conflicts of two repos overwriting each other's packages.
At the moment, only Python packages are supported. See https://github.com/LabAutomationAndScreening/copier-aws-central-infrastructure/issues/22 and https://github.com/LabAutomationAndScreening/copier-aws-central-infrastructure/issues/21


# Development

## Using Pulumi
Run a Pulumi Preview for the IaC Management project:
```bash
uv run python -m aws_central_infrastructure.deploy_iac_management --stack=prod
```

Run a Pulumi Preview for the Artifact Stores project:
```bash
uv run python -m aws_central_infrastructure.deploy_artifact_stores --stack=prod
```

Run a Pulumi Preview for the Identity Center project:
```bash
uv run python -m aws_central_infrastructure.deploy_identity_center --stack=prod
```


## Updating from the template
This repository uses a copier template. To pull in the latest updates from the template, use the command:
`copier update --trust --conflict rej --defaults`
